[00:00:05]		Graeme, was it, they would come a time. When people would not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character system, with that vision,

[00:00:23]		 I don't think it's consistent with that Vision. That all mean, the problem I have with identity Politics as a as a motive philosophical apprehension is that it's fair to get it on. The idea that the appropriate way to classify people is by their group identity, in whatever fragmentary formulation that might take the multiplicity of ways that people can be divided into groups and the classical postmodern. And I would also say Marxist way of viewing the world, even though those two things shouldn't be allowed together. They tend to be, is that group identity takes priority over individual identity. And I think that's precisely the opposite of what Martin Luther King was hoping for and working 4:00. And I I think it's unbelievably dangerous because partly, because when you when you assume that people should primarily be identified by the group, then you can also attributed group guilt to them by their group. And then things go downhill very, very rapidly and we have no shortage of

[00:01:23]		 Of evidence of that. Sort of thing, happening, Saints Row, 2, twentieth-century groups that you a little concerned about the novice example, as the youth group. The problem is we all belong to group. The issue is whether or not the individual identity is primary, and the group identity is secondary or the group identity is primary and the individual. If you're a proponent, for example of equality of outcome of quarters, then you Deepak to accept the proposition, that it's the group identity. That is primary, and is all sorts of dangers that are associated with that far away, whatever. Good you're likely to do.

[00:02:13]		 maybe you just

[00:02:22]		 or maybe you just think that representative democracy should be representative of women should be equally represented in the decision-making for a proper, a quality in a buddy. That's meant to be Representatives. Women should have, I don't understand your question, is it more? Clearly instead of just insulting me?

[00:02:50]		 This way, let's talk about this for a minute that are fundamentally done by men. So for the 99.9% and I'm having to get to Jordan, bricklayers are men or women in equality in oppression because women aren't precisely represented at 50% in all professions at all levels. And why don't we have a conversation about having women represented it in all professions at all levels? Of what we talked about this example,

[00:03:50]		 Kohl's in coconut flour.

[00:03:58]		 A question to me.

